CHAPTER 1- The Dream
“Kill these traitors!”
“Dear brothers and sisters! These evil girls didn’t only conspired to kill king today but also to destroy this whole kingdom. The Great King Samael is today pained beyond anything by act of these blood sucking slurs to even say anything. So folks its upto you to decide what to do with them.”
“Kill them! Kill them! Kill them!”, the public kept demanding.
“Chief!“
“I, The King Samael orders you to behead these girls right now!”
A tall well-built man pulled out his 4 feet long sword. Six girls were made to kneel as the chief approached them. “Sorry!”, the chief said as tears rolled down from his eyes and raised his sword to behead.
“ISABELLA! WAKE UP!”, shouted a beautiful young girl in her teen as she woke Isabella from her sleep who was dripping in sweat. “Phew! Holy Lord! Thanks Sus for waking me out of this nightmare!”, she said.
“What dream?” asked Sussanne.
“I had a dream that we…”
“Don’t tell me you are having one of those nightmares again!”, interrupted this lovely girl in her squeaky voice as she was combing her long curly hair in front of a mirror. She was wearing a pink gown and had a face anyone would fall for.
“Pearl don’t!!” warned Sussanne.
“What are you guys doing? Get ready! We are getting late for the ceremony!” said this girl with thick glasses and short hair.
“Which ceremony Anna?” asked Isabella in a confused tone.
“Not surprised, she has forgotten all about it!”, commented a tall slim yet strong-looking girl as she sharpens her sword.
“How can you forget? Today is King Samael’s birthday and we will fetch ourselves some work in town.” reminded Anna.
Suddenly a loud sound is heard.
THUD!!
Everybody turned back and found Isabella on the floor
“What the hell was that for Poca!” shouted Isa.
“Wakeup you crybaby! Get dressed.” said this tall pretty girl with long straight hair as they got into a cute fight.
“Here we go again!”, sighed Kristine as she left the room with her sword. “Enough! Stop your fight right now and get ready!”, said Anna angrily and walked out. Isabella followed her.
Poca starts laughing loudly. “Why you have to do this every morning?”, asked Sussanne. Poca hugged Susanne as she said “Umm cause it’s fun my twin sister and c’mon even if you don’t agree, I know you guys enjoy it”.
“Yeah, I love it!”, exclaimed Pearl and everyone starts laughing.
After some time everyone gathered in the room. “So all ready?” asked Kristine
Suddenly the sound of birds was heard amplifying as if they were singing a song in chorus. All the sisters went by the window and saw a pretty girl in her vibrant green gown being surrounded by a flock of birds.
“Alice! Would you please end your important meeting with your these umm not-so-friendly friends. We’re getting late for the ceremony!” Poca said mockingly.
As she turned her long chestnut hair fluttered in wind. “Hey! Don’t make fun of it!” exclaimed Alice. “Wait! I’m coming.” she continued as she made her little friends scatter away.
As the girls were about to leave, an elderly couple entered the room. “Oh God! Look at them Lily! How beautiful all of my daughters are looking!”, exclaimed this old kind-looking man. 
“Obviously! Afterall they are my daughters, Gerald!” said Lily. 
He continued “Our ancestors have taken the pledge to serve the royal family and we have been doing it since generations. So, Girls! now it’s your turn to serve the royal family, in the palace.”
“Palace!” exclaimed Pearl. “Except you my dear Pearl. You are still too young and your education is yet not complete!”, said the man cutting Pearl's words. “Yes! So, your father is going to accompany you to the palace. He has already talked with Minister Yurus who will assign you your jobs.”, continued Lily.
“What if we do something wrong and they will punish us for it or even kill us”, A panicked Isabella asked. 
“Why will you get punished? I know my daughters are smart enough to handle all these and can never disappoint anyone.”, said Lily.
“And if they don’t kill you then I will!” teased Kristine.
“Kristine! I know you are a fighter but sometimes you will have to put this fighter side behind the veil and let world see your soft side. Isabella! I know you don’t like staying away from me, that’s why you don’t want to go. But you have to be strong and not panic over these things. Alice! You are too innocent. Put your trust in people who deserve it. Pocahantos! I know you love your sisters very much but you need to have a control over your anger or this anger will proof to be disastrous for you. Anastasia! You are the eldest and the wiser one. You are the strength of your sisters so be strong. Sussanne! What will I do without you? Just take care of yourself and your sisters.”, said Lily as she instructed her daughters. Finally, she turned to Pearl and said, “Pearl! My gorgeous daughter, I know you are going to miss your sisters but you have to let them go”, Lily burst into tears as she said this. All her daughters rushed and hugged her mother as Anastasia wiped tears from her eyes.
“We promise Mother! We won’t let you down”, said Alice as she controlled her tears. “If you want us to work at the palace then we will. No questions asked!”, continued Kristine. “Yes mother!”, everyone agreed.
“So should we leave? Our cart is waiting.”, Gerald asked as he started picking up the luggage.
As they were leaving Sussanne noticed a panicked Isabella. “Isa! What is it? I know you don’t want to leave mother but”
 “No it’s not about that.”, Isabella interrupted Sussanne in an irritated tone. Sussanne stared at her with a questionable look. “It’s about my dreams!” she whispered. “I know it sounds crazy but I saw we all were on the town stage. We were convicted for something. Public was demanding to behead us. And the King ordered the chief to do so and as he was about to behead us, you woke me up.”, trembled Isabella as she said this. These words send a chill down her spine as Sussanne heard this but she hid her emotions and said as she hugged Isabella, “It’s only a dream. We would never do anything like that and our king is the most generous person we know. So, don’t worry.”
“What are you doing? Hurry up!”, shouted Pearl from a distance. “Let’s go!”, said Sussanne as she dragged Isabella towards the cart.
All of them bid farewell to their mother and drifted away to start their new lives in the palace.
