CHAPTER 2 – THE CEREMONY
That was an unusually pleasant day in the kingdom of Siesens. People of Seisens were happy and excited to celebrate their king’s birthday. The streets of the town was beautifully decorated. Everything seems vibrant and lively. 
The seven sisters along with their father reached the palace. The sisters stepped out of their cart as their father and the cart driver helped with the luggage. 
As they stood infront of the gate gazing the palace Gerald left to meet Minister Yurus and these sisters were escorted by two men inside the palace.
“Here give me your luggage my Ladies. I’ll keep those in your chamber while you enjoy the ceremony” said one of the man while he took the luggage from them. The other man guided them through a long grand and beautifully decorated hallway. 
These sisters were looking beautiful in their long beautiful gowns, probably the ones they had saved for occasions like this. They caught a lot of attention as they were crossing the hallway.
“Where are we going?” enquired a curious Pearl.
“To the garden area where everyone has gathered to celebrate King’s birthday.” replied the man as he passed a flirtatious smile to her.
They reached a large beautiful garden(description to be garden).
“Wow! So beautiful place it is! Looks like we are in paradise.” Alice exclaimed.
“Should we move to the bar now!” asked Poca restlessly.
“If father sees us there then we are dead. You know that right?” Anna said in a stern voice.
“But he is not here.” Replied Pearl.
“Aren’t you too young to be drinking Pearl? It’s a no for you” Kristine said as she hit her in the back of her head.
Just then few young men approached Pearl to dance with one of them. Pearl looked at Anna for approval as she nodded.
Pearl went to dance as other sisters went to bar. 
“People in royal palace even can’t resist Pearl’s charms.” Commented Sussanne as she chuckled. 
The bartender served gin in a sparkling silver mounted cup to the girls. The girls were drinking and having a good time together.
“Wow! That’s the best thing I have drank in my 21 years of my life”  commented Poca as she took a sip.
“Indeed! The charms of royalty I suppose!” Kristine said.
After few moments everyone scatter as they began exploring the area as Isabella and Poca stayed there and Alice enjoying her moments with the garden animals, her solitude.
As they were roaming, something caught Kristine’s attention. In an elevated porch, swords of different shapes and sizes were kept. She went near it and picked up one as she keenly observed it.
“That’s not a toy to play my dear lady.” Said a bold voice.
As she turned she found a tall, wheatish, with silky hairs and muscular yet slim young man dressed as a knight. He passed on swift smile.
 “Sorry! I didn’t mean to trespass. Swords have always been my weakness.” She said.
“Oh! Its good to hear you like to watch sword fighting. However its not for these soft and frail hands” he said as he hold her palms. Kristine smirked.
“Take care young lady!” said the man as he left.
“Definitely!” she said as she passed a fake smile. “Another scum with male privilege” she scowled as she walked back to bar. 
In the dance area, Pearl who is a beautiful dancer impressed people with her moves. Soon some young men surrounded her and things took a different turn but was not able to get herself out of this. She struggled but men twice her size blocked her way out. She also tried to call her sisters but they were far away to listen her. “BACK OFF!” someone said and just then a strong arm pulled her out of that crowd.
jinga lala hoo hoo !!!!
Pearl looked up to find herself in the arms of a charming young mandressed as a town boy.
“You should be careful around men. They can sometimes be really creepy” said the man.
“I just wanted to dance I didn’t realized when it escalated.” Pearl replied meekly.
“Its okay. But be careful next time.” Said the man.
“Yes I ll take care of that. Thank you so much. By the way I am Pearl” she said as she stretched her hands for handshake.
“Its Steve. I am actually new to Seisens. Recently shifted.” He said as they shook hands.
“That’s nice! Would you like to dance?” she asked in an exciting tone.
He smirked “You still want to dance? Anyways I don’t really like dancing and I have to leave now so bye”
Steve left as he said these. Pearl stood there in a pool of mixed feelings of excitement and disappointment. Something about this young man was irresistible to her.
After sometime all the sisters gathered along with their father. Just then there was loud drum sound.
A short fair man in his mid-thirties entered the balcony.
“That’s Minister Yurus.” Said Gerald to the girls.
Yurus was followed by a 6-feet well-built attractive man with slightly curly hair and bristles, dressed in royal costume. He had a gentle look in his eyes with a smile difficult to resist.
“Woah! Who is this handsome man?” asked Pearl.
“That’s must be Prince Matthews.” Replied Sussanne as she gazes at him with a frail smile.
“Ahem! Sussanne seems to have developed a soft corner for Prince.” Teased Poca as other sisters burst out laughing.
Yurus starts speaking.
“Thank you ladies and gentlemen for taking the pain to come here for my brother, our king’s birthday. This day is really special for our family and your presence is making it more lively. I hope everyone here is having a good time ”
“Behold, The King of Kings, The Lord of Lords, The descendant of Emperor George, The Greatest, The son of King Arnold II and Queen Succubus, The Almighty King Samael if Seisens is arriving!” shouted a man followed by sound of drums.
Finally, the king entered. He was an extremely strong-looking tall and dark man with black thick eyebrows. He carried an aura which was enough to get him recognized for who he is.
He was accompanied by a short, slender well-dressed lady. She had a pale skin with a calm look on her face.




